### NAO Drinking Suggestion Project


I program the robot Nao to suggest some drinks on which it will say the benefits of each drink you choose. Nao will indicate if you want tea, Juice, coffee, or nothing. And by this selection, there are categories of Tea, Juice, and Coffee. 
For the Tea option, it was categorized by health benefits (Gyokuro, Dragon Well, Matcha or Keemun Tea), flavor (Mild: White hair silver needle and golden monkey tea, Strong: Lapsang Souchong, Pu-erh tea, and Sencha), stress relief (Jasmine Silver Needle and Jasmine Green tea) or caffeine content (Low: Houjicha, Lapsang Souchong, and Big Red Robe Tea, High: Matcha, Gyokuro, White Hair Silver Needle and Golden Monkey Tea) selections. 
For Juice, we have seven selections: Orange Juice, Lemonade Juice, Grape Juice, Cranberry Juice, Tomato Juice, Prune Juice, or Pomegranate juice. 
For Coffee selection, you can choose hot or iced coffee. For the hot option, you can have nonmilk (Black coffee, Americano, Espresso, Doppio, or red eye) or with milk(latte, cappuccino, macchiato, mocha, flat white, or affogato). You have Iced espresso, cold brew, frappuccino, nitro, or mazagran for iced coffee options.
I didn't code python to execute my project, but I used preprogrammed of choreograph. In Box categories, the Speech>Creation>Animated Say. This program allows you to put dialog into what you want robots to say, which is a question. Next, I used it under Creation>Speech recognition, and this is where you want to input what word you want the user to say. And the under folder Programming>logic>switch case, which will be the outcome if the user chooses that answer, will lead you to another Animated say to say what you want to indicate as an answer with that selection. All this process is just on repeat to complete this project. On another note, since everyone doesn't have an accent or how they deliver the words. Sometimes Nao won't recognize the user's answer. And with this issue, sometimes you either speak slower, change the intonation of your words, or speak faster. I also encounter that you make sure that you don't have any misspelled words because this will cause your program not to run.

